Introduce transient storage support for inline assembly (#14737)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Compiler Features:
 * EVM: Support for the EVM Version "Cancun".

>  * Inline Assembly: Support for transient storage opcodes ``tstore`` and ``tload``.

Reviewer: This should go under language features. Also, the category is `Yul` in general, not just `Inline assembly`.

This would be more consistent with how we describe the feature in other PRs:
```suggestion
 * Yul: Introduce builtins ``tload()`` and ``tstore()`` for transient storage access.
```

Reviewer: It's still in the "Compiler Features" section. Should be "Language Features".

Author: Sorry. Fixed.

 * Yul: Introduce builtin ``blobbasefee()`` for retrieving the blob base fee of the current block.
 * Yul: Introduce builtin ``blobhash()`` for retrieving versioned hashes of blobs associated with the transaction.
 * Yul: Introduce builtin ``mcopy()`` for cheaply copying data between memory areas.
 * Yul: Introduce builtins ``tload()`` and ``tstore()`` for transient storage access.

> 

Reviewer: Please don't fix changelog in PRs. That only leads to conflicts. Leave it as is and we'll fix it when we sort it.

Author: I don't understand. That's the entry for this PR.

Reviewer: I mean the whitespace. Almost every PR so far had to touch it and we keep changing it back and forth :) See https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/pull/14757/files#r1457682000. Or #14285.

I mean, it's a small detail and I feel bad even complaining about it, but I have to say it at least once because otherwise this madness won't stop :P

Author: Ah, I see it now. :D
